hello and welcome to videogames
speak today's topic is games against
simpler today we have many guests
We would care to say your name and a
brief summary of the plot of your
game if he spoke pacman range points and
fruits
I am with kiko a threw barrels at a
Italian Hello, I'm Clau de Streiff de
final fantasy 7 my plot is pretty
simple is that way of versioning I worked
for a peculiar avalanche group it
full of those I wanted to be trapped me
I was left falling from a reactor and in the
suburbs I get with AIDS
around
dressed as a squirrel in case someone asks
information but in the end it was open
where I knew little to hurt and nothing I
was his faithful advocate for how he moved the
I stick to me came Carlos Varela
you start curling left forgotten
I can also pass
but our person is singing to the
promised land we could have chivas
I'm going to rescue her and she was also captured
with the days roll and a lion that
he spoke weird to the president of israel
shot continued to be genoa with
bad mood we live today in dubai
the day I prepared today I'm super
confused those new ones started we know
here if it's very simple and then
finished busts and I was up
the eggs well he with treasure his way and
decided the kill was threw well swan it
turned as expected opposite is worth in
new enjoyment this is the part
where everything is more complex , there was a
earthquake and I start falling snow something
should have happened later although I did not
remember alcazar sensor rests already
we come to the others also want
talk
It is going green I had to jump and
of yours
the reds exploded turn my story
the sun was painted tanaj to
meteorites power without giving destruction
wake does not make sense and you've only
guessed street your French mouth already
nobody asked him
I 'm sorry
now I'm going to interrupt your work is
a fucking Leon
a special guest and here what my
hello I am introverted the street to
street called flower and to the center of the
took and sit down there is already a member
finished or moderately we say that shot that
been in the form of god and we launched a
spell to heal the destruction of the
meteorite stopped and dahlia turned the
race well all that plot I will have to
inhabit a problem of izhmash you want
dying maybe he hopes that that sense what
God no
the stops
is that is in a single doctor subtraction that
can save you from dying so
answers
and that is that kick your ass to me nothing
it costs so I'll still do it faster in
the extra edition